STARTERS
CORN DOGS       65
 Dogs crafter with a light corn batter then deep fried.
FRIES
Long, skin-on, thick fries
Quarter kilo with your favorite toppings!
Plain           95
Cheese          115
Bacon Cheese    135
Jalapeno Cheese 145
Chili Cheese    135


SLICED SPUDS
Generouss serving of lightly breaded potato slices
Plain           95
Cheese          115
Bacon Cheese    135
Jalapeno Cheese 145
Chili Cheese    135

SPECIALTY DOGS
Uber huge dogs! Served with fries

Cachorro Quente Completo    250
Also known as the Sao Paolo potato dog, this is one of Brazil's many crazy hotdog creations. An 8 inch cheese Hungarian sausage served on a split French bread bun. Topped with buttery mashed potatoes, corn kernels, tomatoes, potato chips, and finished off with cheese sauce.

Wasabi Dog                  250
Like most Japanese-inspired hotdogs, this combination of wasabi and dog doesn't come from Japan, but from the US. This wiener comes from the state of Texas served on a split French bread bun. Topped with a smear of wasabi mayyo, a line of Katsu sauce, a sprinkle of kastuobushi and julienned seaweed chips.

Chili Cheese Dog            220
This great classic hails from southwest United States. Served on a split French bread bun, a huge frankfurter topped with a hefty serving of chili and cheese.

Tijuana Bacon Dog           250
Also known as the danger dog. This combination was born in Tijuana in the 1950s and has more than a few versions all over the states. Our versions come from New Jersery. Sreved on a split French bread bun, bacon-wrapped frankfurter, deep-fried to perfection, and topped with cheese sauce, chili con carne, and a fried egg.

The No.5 Dog                260
This dog is a perfect east meets west combination. Served on a buttered French bread bun, Schueblig sausage topped with red cabbage, fried wanton, leeks, and chili hoisin sauce. Served with prawn crackers.

UPGRADES
Double size your fries      30
Toppings on your fries      20
Cheese
Bacon Cheese
Jalapeno Cheese
Chili Cheese


EVERYDAY DOGS 
Classic 6 inch frank served with your classic favorite toppings.
Choose between smoked dog and all beef dog.

Chicago Dog                 125
Chili con carne, pickle relish, bacon bits, salsa fresca, onions

Taco Dog                    125
Chili con carne, bacon, onions, cheese, salsa fresca

Plain Jane                  95
Classic 6 inch hotdog sandwich

Everything on it            145
Chili con carne, bacon, onions, cheese, salsa fresca, pickle relish

Add toppings for 20!

NEW ITEMS
Skinny Pigs in a Blanket    250
French bread bun, smothered with butter and cream cheese, two long and slim Viennese sausages in a blanket of Purefoods Spicy Barbecue Bacon. Topped with chili con carne, salsa fresca, and fresh cilantro leaves. This s our official entry for Baconfest Manila.

Prayot Boonsitihums Burger  325
Also known as the "Leap Burger". Two juicy beef patties seasoned with Thai basil and chili, and garnished with fresh cabbage and asian herbs. Guaranteed addictive. If you don't like it, return the unfinished portion and we'll give your money back. Served with a side of fries!


DESSERT
SUNDAES                     199
Banoffee Sundae       
Tropical Storm
Strawberry Cheesecake
Choco Cookie Overload

Churros Con Chocolate       120

FIC ICE CREAM
Single      80
Double      170

Dulce Caramelo
Mango
Cheese
Chocolate
Avocado
Pistachio
Durian
Vanilla
Melon
Strawberry
Cookies and Cream
French Vanilla
Raspberry

Mochiko                       75
Chocolate
Vanilla
Mango
Avocado <30
Green Tea
Strawberry
Azuki
Black Sesame
Caramelo